I was able to successfully search for some videos at the very end the last video and then show them
as a list on the screen with the title of each.
However as I was typing out Avengers I saw a little air up here at my console right here.
So this is an area that you might or might not be seeing right now if you're not seeing it.
Let me show you how you can get that same error very quickly.
Try refreshing your app and select your search bar right there and then enter in a long random string
of characters.
As soon as you do you're probably gonna see an error just like that.
So what's going on here.
We are successfully making our request.
You can see that if you still have your Network tab open.
But we definitely are seeing something around movies not being editable.
Well let's take a look at the actual response that we're getting back inside this request and we can
figure out why we're getting this error.
So if you select that you're going to see a response object that looks like that right there it has
an air property and a response.
So essentially we entered in a search term for a movie that has no results whatsoever so rather than
giving us some kind of response that says hey here's the list of movies that we found 0 like an empty
array.
This API chose to tell us inside of this kind of error message right here that no movies were found
whatsoever.
So we need to make sure that we go back over to our fetch data function or somewhere inside of our code
and handle this case in which we make a request and don't get any results whatsoever.
One other thing I want to mention at this time as well is that these search functionality with these
API is not quite as great as you might expect.
So for example we've seen several times we can put in Avengers and get the correct results.
But if I only put in the word like a V N ABN like so unfortunately well that wouldn't happen to like
actually turn out.
There we go.
So if I do AVP and G it's only part of the word Avengers on any normal search engine or search functionality
I would still expect that to give me some results of like The Avengers because that's part of the word.
But unfortunately this API doesn't really consider partial terms like a V E and G so it doesn't match
that with the movie Avengers.
So when I put that in I still get the same kind of response it says movie not found so that's just something
we need to be aware of as we are testing out our application.
We really do have to put in a reasonable title of a movie in order to see any kind of results whatsoever
okay.
Let's go back over to our code and we're gonna figure out some way to fix up our code and handle the
case in which we don't get any results at all.
So back over here I think the most reasonable way to handle this would be to go to our fetch data function
go inside a fetch data right here right after we make our request.
Let's try to look at the response we're going to inspect response dot data and we're going to see if
there was an error that we're getting back when we made the request.
One thing I I kind of mentioned here is that the errors that we're talking about right now are not like
actual request errors a real request error would be like if we typed in an incorrect U.R.L. and we didn't
get any kind of response whatsoever.
That's not what is happening here.
In this case the request has been issued successfully.
We're getting back a status code of 200 which means that everything with the request went OK.
So this is not really an error in the strictest sense of the word.
So in my opinion this is not the best designed API.
Nonetheless it's what we're working with the rather than handling an error in a classic sense.
We're just gonna check to see if the response has an heir property and if it does then we're just going
to return an empty array and say well turns out we didn't find any results whatsoever tobacco over here.
I'm going to say if response dot data got error like so and again notice that we have a capital E is
that is what the response is giving us.
So if there is an error let's just return an empty array and essentially say we didn't get any movies
whatsoever to show to the user okay.
So now let's try this again.
I'm going to refresh and I'm going to put in a very strange search term here.
So just a bunch of characters.
Now I don't see anything on the screen and I don't have an error either.
So this is definitely what I would really expect if I don't get any results I don't show any content
whatsoever that might seem a bit odd.
But remember this is kind of the a system that we agreed with.
Right here we had said that if a user finishes typing and we find no results we're just not going to
show any content in a perfect world we would show the user some kind of error message and tell them
that or like a warning or something like that and tell them Hey we didn't find any content but for right
now this is definitely good enough okay.
So we got that era fixed up.
So another quick pause right here and we'll continue in just a moment.